PR for BXMSDOC-7489: Update and single-source the Building custom dashboard widgets doc based on BAPL-1863, BAPL-1865, and BAPL-1862 (#114)
kaldesai/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/BAM/proc-creating-time-series-components.adoc

[id='proc-creating-time-series-components_{context}']

> = Creating time series component

Author: Yes, +1 to that. I will change the title of the procedure.

> You can use the time series component to represent your data in the time series data. You can create your own dashboards connected to your time series data sets.

Author: Updated.

> You can export the time series components to Dashbuilder Runtime and retrieve the information from a KIE Server data set. You can also create, edit, and build a dashboard using a time series component.

Author: Updated

... Enter all the information in the *Data Set Creation Wizard* of your selected provider type and click *Test*.
... Click *Save*.
. In {CENTRAL}, go to *Menu* → *Design* → *Pages*.
. In the *Pages* panel, click *New*.
. Click *OK*.
. In the *New Page* dialog box, enter a value in the *Name* field and select the required style.
+
The new page opens in the *Page Editor*.
. In the *Components* panel, expand the *Reporting* components and drag the *Time Series Chart* component type to the *Page Editor*.
. In the *Displayer editor* wizard, click *Data* tab and select the newly created data set.
. In the *Data* tab, select the values as per your requirements from the *Columns* field.
. Click the *Display* tab and edit the value of *Chart*, *Margins*, *Filter*, *Refresh*, and *Columns* as per your requirements.
. Click the *Component Editor* tab and update the following component properties into the *Component Properties* field:
+
.Time series component properties
[cols="1,1", options="header"]
|===
| Component properties
| Description

|*Transpose dataset*
|You can decide whether he provided data set uses the time series as separate columns or as rows.

|*Show Area*

> |It is a checkbox. You can set the type as a chart, area, or line.

Author: Updated

|*Date Categories*
|You can select the *category*, *datetime*, or *numeric* option from the drop-down list as per your requirements.

|*Labels*
|It is a checkbox. You can enable or disable data labels on data points.

|*Zoom type*
|You can select the *x*, *y*, or *xy* option from the drop-down list as per your requirements.

|*Zoom enabled*

> |It is a checkbox. By default it is selected.

Author: Added

|*Zoom autoscale Y axis*

> |It is a checkbox. You can zoom in the Y axis.

Author: Added.

|*Toolbar Auto Selected*
|You can select the *zoom*, *selection*, or *pan* option from the drop-down list as per your requirements.

|*Title text*
|You can edit the title of the time series component.

|*Title align*
|You can select the *left*, *center*, or *right* option from the drop-down list as per your requirements to change the title alignment .

|*Show toolbar*

> |It is a checkbox. By default it is selected. If this component property is selected, you can use the zoom in, zoom out, selection zoom, panning functions of the time series component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Select the checkbox to display the toolbar. By default, this checkbox is checked. If this component property is enabled, you can use the zoom in, zoom out, selection zoom, and panning functions of the time series chart component.
```

> |It is a checkbox. By default it is selected. If this component property is selected, you can use the zoom in, zoom out, selection zoom, panning functions of the time series component.

Author: Done.

|*Chart Name*

> |You can set the chart name as per your requirements. By default it is set to *Newchart*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Set the chart name. By default, the chart name is set as *Newchart*.
```
